feat: allow canister imports of service constructors, silently ignoring the service arguments. (#4041)
dfinity/motoko: Changelog.md

# Motoko compiler changelog

* motoko (`moc`)

>   * Allow canister imports of service constructors, silently ignoring the service arguments to import the instantiated service. Improves DX using dfx. #4041

Author: ```suggestion
  * Allow canister imports of service constructors, ignoring the service arguments to import the instantiated service instead (with a warning). Improves DX using dfx. (#4041)
```

>   * Allow canister imports of service constructors, ignoring the service arguments to import the instantiated service instead (with a warning). Improves DX using dfx. (#4041)

Reviewer: I'd mention _Candid_ here.

Author: Ok

Author: Done
